Add KDD for versions and compatibility (#721)
openmsupply/open-msupply: decisions/version-compatibility.md

For `Example 2.`, when api shape changes on central we update remote to use new api, and keep existing api support on remote, in this case `from verion of remote` will now be updated to match new `remote` version (this new remote version will still be backwards compatible with older central versions)

An example:
* 1.02 remote is compatible with `>=` 5.06 central
* 1.02 remote is compatible with `>=` 5.07 central
* 1.07 remote is compatible with `>=` 5.08 central (this is carried over from 1.02 verision of remote).
* 5.08 is compatible with `>=` 1.02 of remote
* 6 central is compatible with `>=` 1.02 of remote  (this is carried over from 5.07 verision of central).
* 2 of remote is compatible with `>=` 6 of central

So let's say 1.07 is trying to sync with 5.08, central says it's compatible with 1.02 and up and 1.07 knows it's compatible with 5.08 and up, thus it's ok to sync.

2 is trying to sync with 5.08, central says it's compatible with 1.02 and up and remote knows it's compatible with 6 and up, sync is not allowed.

> 1.02 is tyring to sync with 5.08. central says it's compatible with 1.02 and up and remote knows it's compatible with 5.06 and up, sync is not allowed

Reviewer: 🤔  in this example I think sync would be allowed. remote is compatible with 5.06 and up; and the central version is 5.08 which is 'up' from 5.06

Author: Oops, 🙏 for the catch
I think I was trying to show an example where remote thinks it's compatible but central disagrees, changed the example: 8cb9f5d31f7c318168ab26ccd639129ca4ee6343

and added headers: fa9904203bea2d7c604b7d7aaa562217b5e3fb21

*Pros:*
- Simpler then `Option 2` and slighly more invovled then `Option 1`, but seems (subjectively) the best balance for compatibility/complexity
- Quite flexible in forward and backwards compatibility

*Cons:*

> - More involved, and flexibility can be a doulbe edge sword

Reviewer: soz.
:nit
```suggestion
- More involved, and flexibility can be a double edged sword
```

Author: 🙏
